README.md, before:

# @time/units

A `Time`'s scope library's `"Units"` module, which contains definitions of all standard Time Unit types, widely used for identifying both the **Discrete**-Time **Points** and **Continuous**-Time **Periods** or **Intervals** (**e.g:** _their **beginnings** and **endings** Discrete **Points** at the **durations** Continuous **Lines** sides_) starting from the beginning of **"Common Era"**, also known as **"Anno Domini"** (_the **"Current Era"** - identified by the **"CE"/"AD"** abbreviation letters specified right **after/before** the time-specifying values - respectively).

The module also describes **interfaces**, **methods**, and **properties** for all main `Time Unit` **objects** types, their **classes** implementation, and relations to other `Time Entities`. It defines coefficient **constants** and **methods** for making different `Unit Types` **comparison**, **conversion** and other **logical** or **mathematical** operations. At the same time encapsulating all the hidden calculations parts within a strict types **hierarchy**, it easily allows their seamless extending by popular OOP **inheritance** and **overloading** techniques.

The following table illustrates the variety of `@public Time Unit` object types exposed by the module. Listed in a Time **precision descending** order, either completely _implemented_ or still having _STUB_ methods, along with additional data about their _naming_, _markers_, _references_, _sizes_, and _dimensions_.

Commit message:

Refactored some entities naming according to the module scope changes

README.md, after:

# @timekeeping/units

It is a `Timekeeping` **namespace** library `Units` **module**, which defines all standard `Timekeeping.Units` types, used for calculation and identification of both the Discrete-Time `Points` and Continuous-Time `Duration` of Periods and Intervals (**e.g:** the Continuous `dration` _Regions_ between their Discrete `begin`'ning and `end`'ing _Points_).

Starting from the beginning of **"Common Era"**, also known as the **"Anno Domini"** (_the **"Current Era"** - identified by the **"CE"/"AD"** abbreviation letters `Epoch.Code` specified right **after/before** the time-defining values - respectively_).

The module also describes **interfaces** `bind` to the primary `Timekeeping.Units` type **classes**, their instance **objects** implementation, and its relations to other `Timekeeping` **entities**. It also defines `coef`'ficient **`constant`'s** and **tools** for making `Timekeeping.Units` `compare()`'ison, `convert()`'sion, `transit()`'ion and other logical, mathematical and flow operations. At the same time encapsulating all the hidden implementation within a [`DefinitelyTyped`] **hierarchy**, it easily allows its seamless extending by standard OOP **inheritance** and **overloading** techniques.

The following table illustrates a variety of **`@public`**` Timekeeping.Units` **objects `@export`'ed** by the **module**. It includes  data about their `id`'entifiers, `name`'ing, `marker`'s, `reference`'s, `size`'s, and `scale`, and is listed in a `'Time.Precision.Order == "DESC"'` by default.

----


[`DefinitelyTyped`]: https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped
